ham	Ü mean it's confirmed... I tot they juz say oni... Ok then...  ham	Okie ham	That depends. How would you like to be treated? :) ham	Right on brah, see you later ham	Waiting in e car 4 my mum lor. U leh? Reach home already? ham	Went fast asleep dear.take care. ham No that just means you have a fat head ham	Sounds like a plan! Cardiff is still here and still cold! I'm sitting on the radiator! ham	Serious? What like proper tongued her ham	She.s good. She was wondering if you wont say hi but she.s smiling now. So how are you coping with the long distance ham	How i noe... She's in da car now... Later then c lar... I'm wearing shorts... ham	Yeah whatever lol ham	Today is ACCEPT DAY..U Accept me as? Brother Sister Lover Dear1 Best1 Clos1 Lvblefrnd Jstfrnd Cutefrnd Lifpartnr Belovd Swtheart Bstfrnd No rply means enemy ham Ard 530 lor. I ok then message ü lor. ham	Ok. C u then. ham	Eh ur laptop got no stock lei... He say mon muz come again to take a look c got a not... ham	No need to ke qi... Ü too bored izzit y suddenly thk of this... ham	I wish! I don't think its gonna snow that much. But it will be more than those flurries we usually get that melt before they hit the ground. Eek! We haven't had snow since &lt;#&gt; before I was even born! ham Do 1 thing! Change that sentence into: "Because i want 2 concentrate in my educational career im leaving here.." ham	Oh really? perform, write a paper, go to a movie AND be home by midnight, huh? ham	Okay lor... Will they still let us go a not ah? Coz they will not know until later. We drop our cards into the box right? ham	How? Izzit still raining? ham	As if i wasn't having enough trouble sleeping. ham	I havent add ü yet right..  ham	Lol ... I really need to remember to eat when I'm drinking but I do appreciate you keeping me company that night babe *smiles* ham Babe ? I lost you ... Will you try rebooting ? ham	Yes. Nigh you cant aha. ham	I thk ü gotta go home by urself. Cos i'll b going out shopping 4 my frens present.  ham	Nooooooo I'm gonna be bored to death all day. Cable and internet outage. ham	Sos! Any amount i can get pls. ham	Playin space poker, u? ham	How come guoyang go n tell her? Then u told her? ham	You need to get up. Now. ham	They r giving a second chance to rahul dengra. ham	Yeah, in fact he just asked if we needed anything like an hour ago. When and how much? ham	WHEN THE FIRST STRIKE IS A RED ONE. THE BIRD + ANTELOPE BEGIN TOPLAY IN THE FIELDOF SELFINDEPENDENCE BELIEVE THIS + THE FLOWER OF CONTENTION WILL GROW.RANDOM! ham	Y ü wan to go there? C doctor? ham	Does daddy have a bb now. ham	She's borderline but yeah whatever. ham	I got a call from a landline number. . . I am asked to come to anna nagar . . . I will go in the afternoon ham	Until 545 lor... Ya, can go 4 dinner together... ham	I will be gentle princess! We will make sweet gentle love... ham	How u doin baby girl ?? hope u are okay every time I call ure phone is off! I miss u get in touch ham	Sorry, went to bed early, nightnight ham	I like to think there's always the possibility of being in a pub later. ham	HMM yeah if your not too grooved out! And im looking forward to my pound special :) ham	I got to video tape pple type in message lor. U so free wan 2 help me? Hee... Cos i noe u wan 2 watch infernal affairs so ask u along. Asking shuhui oso. ham	Hi dude hw r u da realy mising u today ham	Me hungry buy some food good lei... But mum n yun dun wan juz buy a little bit...  ham	I probably won't eat at all today. I think I'm gonna pop. How was your weekend? Did u miss me? ham	I knew it... U slept v late yest? Wake up so late... ham	Haha... dont be angry with yourself... Take it as a practice for the real thing. =)  ham	Where is that one day training:-) ham	So i could kiss and feel you next to me... ham	Have a nice day my dear. ham	I sent lanre fakeye's Eckankar details to the mail box ham	Your dad is back in ph? ham	If you ask her or she say any please message. ham	If e timing can, then i go w u lor... ham	Love you aathi..love u lot.. ham	I was just callin to say hi. Take care bruv! ham	Did u turn on the heater? The heater was on and set to &lt;#&gt; degrees. ham	Thanks for your message. I really appreciate your sacrifice. I'm not sure of the process of direct pay but will find out on my way back from the test tomorrow. I'm in class now. Do have a wonderful day. ham	That's the trouble with classes that go well - you're due a dodgey one … Expecting mine tomo! See you for recovery, same time, same place  ham	WOT U UP 2 J? ham	Night night, see you tomorrow ham	Roger that. We‘re probably going to rem in about 20 ham	do u think that any girl will propose u today by seing ur bloody funky shit fucking face...............asssssholeeee................ ham	I wish u were here. I feel so alone ham	Reason is if the team budget is available at last they buy the unsold players for at base rate.. ham	CERI U REBEL! SWEET DREAMZ ME LITTLE BUDDY!! C YA 2MORO! WHO NEEDS BLOKES ham	Huh i cant thk of more oredi how many pages do we have? ham His frens go then he in lor. Not alone wif my mum n sis lor. ham	Nationwide auto centre (or something like that) on Newport road. I liked them there ham	Hey, I missed you tm of last night as my phone was on the charge ... *smiles* ... I am meeting a friend shortly ham	Whatever, juliana. Do whatever you want. ham	Friendship is not a game to play, It is not a word to say, It doesn\'t start on March and ends on May, It is tomorrow, yesterday, today and e ham	Hello. Sort of out in town already. That . So dont rush home, I am eating nachos. Will let you know eta. ham	Ok lor. Anyway i thk we cant get tickets now cos like quite late already. U wan 2 go look 4 ur frens a not? Darren is wif them now... ham	I am on the way to ur home ham	Dizzamn, aight I'll ask my suitemates when I get back ham	Nimbomsons. Yep phone knows that one. Obviously, cos thats a real word ham	I love to cuddle! I want to hold you in my strong arms right now... ham	R u in this continent? ham	We'll you pay over like  &lt;#&gt; yrs so its not too difficult ham	K...k...when will you give treat? ham	He's just gonna worry for nothing. And he won't give you money its no use. ham	Did you get any gift? This year i didnt get anything. So bad ham	somewhere out there beneath the pale moon light someone think in of u some where out there where dreams come true... goodnite &amp; sweet dreams ham	Well there's a pattern emerging of my friends telling me to drive up and come smoke with them and then telling me that I'm a weed fiend/make them smoke too much/impede their doing other things so you see how I'm hesitant ham	, ow u dey.i paid 60,400thousad.i told  u would call .  ham	IM FINE BABES AINT BEEN UP 2 MUCH THO! SAW SCARY MOVIE YEST ITS QUITE FUNNY! WANT 2MRW AFTERNOON? AT TOWN OR MALL OR SUMTHIN?xx ham	I'm reaching home in 5 min. ham	Forgot you were working today! Wanna chat, but things are ok so drop me a text when you're free / bored etc and i'll ring. Hope all is well, nose essay and all xx ham	Ha... Then we must walk to everywhere... Cannot take tram. My cousin said can walk to vic market from our hotel  ham	Discussed with your mother ah? ham	Ok. ham	Sorry, I can't text &amp; drive coherently, see you in twenty ham	In which place i can get rooms cheap:-) ham	Eek that's a lot of time especially since American Pie is like 8 minutes long. I can't stop singing it. ham	"GRAN ONLYFOUND OUT AFEW DAYS AGO.CUSOON HONI" ham	University of southern california. ham	We have to pick rayan macleran there. ham	U gd lor go shopping i got stuff to do. U wan 2 watch infernal affairs a not? Come lar... ham	Well. Balls. Time to make calls ham	Wat time ü wan today? ham	&lt;#&gt;  in mca. But not conform. ham	Oh ok.. Wat's ur email? ham	Yes, princess. Are you going to make me moan? ham	Lol its ok I didn't remember til last nite ham	[…] anyway, many good evenings to u! s ham	Cool, I'll text you in a few ham	Sorry vikky, i'm Watching olave mandaramovie kano in trishul theatre wit my frnds.. ham	I'm very happy for you babe ! Woo hoo party on dude! ham	I am taking you for italian food. How about a pretty dress with no panties? :) ham	Wot u up 2? Thout u were gonna call me!! Txt bak luv K ham How are you holding up? ham	Dont flatter yourself... Motivate Behind every darkness, there is a shining light waiting for you to find it... Behind every best friend, there is always trust and love... BSLVYL ham	Ya ok, then had dinner? ham	I was slept that time.you there? ham	dont make ne plans for nxt wknd coz she wants us to come down then ok ham	When is school starting. Where will you stay. What's the weather like. And the food. Do you have a social support system like friends in the school. All these things are important. ham	Ha ha nan yalrigu heltini..Iyo kothi chikku, u shared many things wit me..so far i didn't told any body and even uttered a word abt u.. If ur trusting me so much how can i tell these to others.. Plz nxt time dont use those words to me..ok, chikku:-);-)B-) ham	Noice. Text me when you're here ham	Hi di is yijue we're meeting at 7 pm at esaplanade tonight. ham	Aight I've been set free, think you could text me blake's address? It occurs to me I'm not quite as sure what I'm doing as I thought I was ham	Hi dear we saw dear. We both are happy. Where you my battery is low ham	How are you. Its been ages. How's abj ham	Prof: you have passed in all the papers in this sem congrats . . . . Student: Enna kalaachutaarama..!! Prof:???? Gud mrng! ham	Dont kick coco when he's down ham	Fyi I'm gonna call you sporadically starting at like  &lt;#&gt;  bc we are not not doin this shit ham	Hope you?re not having too much fun without me!! see u tomorrow love jess x ham	Ok i wont call or disturb any one. I know all are avoiding me. I am a burden for all ham	I've reached home n i bathe liao... U can call me now... ham	Was the actual exam harder than NBME ham	A lot of this sickness thing going round. Take it easy. Hope u feel better soon. Lol ham	God picked up a flower and dippeditinaDEW, lovingly touched itwhichturnedinto u, and the he gifted tomeandsaid,THIS FRIEND IS 4U ham	Hey sathya till now we dint meet not even a single time then how can i saw the situation sathya. ham	Gam gone after outstanding innings. ham	O i played smash bros  &lt;#&gt;  religiously. ham	Sir, good morning. Hope you had a good weekend. I called to let you know that i was able to raise  &lt;#&gt;  from my dad. He however said he would make the rest available by mid feb. This amount is still quite short and i was hoping you would help. Do have a good day. Abiola ham	Hurry home. Soup is DONE! ham	No no. I will check all rooms befor activities ham	Good afternoon, my love. It was good to see your words on YM and get your tm. Very smart move, my slave ... *smiles* ... I drink my coffee and await you. ham	Quite ok but a bit ex... U better go eat smth now else i'll feel guilty... ham	Lemme know when you're here ham	He needs to stop going to bed and make with the fucking dealing ham	How are you, my Love ? Are you with your brother ? Time to talk english with him ? *grins* Say : Hey Muhommad, Penny says hello from across the sea ham	Hey doc pls I want to get nice t shirt for my hubby nice fiting ones my budget is  &lt;#&gt; k help pls I will load d card abi hw,keep me posted luv. 2 mj ham	I remain unconvinced that this isn't an elaborate test of my willpower ham	"Life is nothing wen v get everything". But "life is everything wen v miss something ". Real value of people wil be realized only in their absence.... gud mrng ham	how are you? I miss you! ham	I ain't answerin no phone at what is actually a pretty reasonable hour but I'm sleepy ham	Hey , is * rite u put »10 evey mnth is that all? ham i am going to bed now prin ham	I think just yourself …Thanks and see you tomo ham	If u dun drive then how i go 2 sch. ham	I not at home now lei... ham	Ok then i will come to ur home after half an hour ham	Do u hav any frnd by name ashwini in ur college? ham	Jus finish my lunch on my way home lor... I tot u dun wan 2 stay in sch today... ham	K then 2marrow are you coming to class. ham	Pls send me your address sir. ham	I want to lick your pussy now... ham	Yo, you gonna still be in stock tomorrow/today? I'm trying to get a dubsack ham	I'll see, but prolly yeah ham Thought we could go out for dinner. I'll treat you! Seem ok? ham	Where are you ? What do you do ? How can you stand to be away from me ? Doesn't your heart ache without me ? Don't you wonder of me ? Don't you crave me ? ham	Sorry. You never hear unless you book it. One was kinda a joke--thet were really looking for skinny white girls. The other was one line--you can only do so much on camera with that. Something like that they're casting on the look. ham	What you doing?how are you? ham	Sure thing big man. i have hockey elections at 6, shouldn‘t go on longer than an hour though ham	Watch lor. I saw a few swatch one i thk quite ok. Ard 116 but i need 2nd opinion leh... ham	Hiya do u like the hlday pics looked horrible in them so took mo out! Hows the camp Amrca thing? Speak soon Serena:) ham	Babe! How goes that day ? What are you up to ? I miss you already, my Love ... * loving kiss* ... I hope everything goes well. ham	Yunny... I'm goin to be late ham	Doc prescribed me morphine cause the other pain meds aren't enough. Waiting for my mom to bring it. That med should kick in fast so I'm gonna try to be on later ham	Cool, want me to go to kappa or should I meet you outside mu ham	Hey sexy buns ! Have I told you ? I adore you, loverboy. I hope you remember to thank your sister in law for those meatballs *grins* ... i love you, babe ham	May b approve panalam...but it should have more posts.. ham	Sorry, I'll call later ham	I dont thnk its a wrong calling between us ham	Me i'm not workin. Once i get job... ham	And by when you're done I mean now ham	"Its Ur luck to Love someone. Its Ur fortune to Love the one who Loves U. But, its a miracle to Love a person who can't Love anyone except U..." Gud nyt... ham	Hi baby ive just got back from work and i was wanting to see u allday! I hope i didnt piss u off on the phone today. If u are up give me a call xxx ham	Is it your yahoo boys that bring in the perf? Or legal. ham	No need to say anything to me. I know i am an outsider ham	have you ever had one foot before? ham	Just got to  &lt;#&gt; ham	Good! No, don‘t need any receipts—well done! (…) Yes, please tell . What‘s her number, i could ring her ham	Ever green quote ever told by Jerry in cartoon "A Person Who Irritates u Always Is the one Who Loves u Vry Much But Fails to Express It...!..!! :-) :-) gud nyt ham	Leave it wif me lar... Ü wan to carry meh so heavy... Is da num 98321561 familiar to ü? ham	Beautiful truth : Expression of the face could Be seen by everyone... But the depression of heart Could be understood only By the Loved ones.. Gud Ni8;-) ham	Infact happy new year. How are you where are you when are we seeing ham	That's a shame! Maybe cld meet for few hrs tomo? ham	Lol I would but despite these cramps I like being a girl. ham	I can?t wait for cornwall. Hope tonight isn?t too bad as well but it?s rock night shite. Anyway i?m going for a kip now have a good night. Speak to you soon. ham	Pls help me tell sura that i'm expecting a battery from hont. And that if should pls send me a message about how to download movies. Thanks ham	Haven't found a way to get another app for your phone, eh ? Will you go to the net cafe ? Did you take that job? Geeee I need you babe. I crave to see you ... ham	I only work from mon to thurs but Sat i cant leh... Booked liao... Which other day u free? ham	Ü comin to fetch us oredi... ham What's nannys address? ham	Haf u eaten? Wat time u wan me 2 come? ham	Yo, call me when you get the chance, a friend of mine wanted me to ask you about a big order ham	This single single answers are we fighting? Plus i said am broke and you didnt reply ham	It certainly puts things into perspective when something like this happens ham	Now got tv 2 watch meh? U no work today? ham	i felt so...not any conveying reason.. Ese he... What about me? ham	How's it going? Got any exciting karaoke type activities planned? I'm debating whether to play football this eve. Feeling lazy though. ham	I told that am coming on wednesday. ham	Its ok, called mom instead have fun ham	Well if I'm that desperate I'll just call armand again ham	Are you at work right now ? ham	Haven't heard anything and he's not answering my texts so I'm guessing he flaked. That said the jb is fantastic ham	Mmmmmm ... I love you,so much, Ahmad ... I can't wait for this year to begin as every second takes me closer to being at your side. Happy New Year, my love!! ham	Pls what's the full name of joke's school cos fees in university of florida seem to actually be  &lt;#&gt; k. Pls holla back ham	Sorry, I'll call later ham	Ok... But they said i've got wisdom teeth hidden inside n mayb need 2 remove. ham	And pls pls drink plenty plenty water ham	How are you doing. How's the queen. Are you going for the royal wedding ham	He's in lag. That's just the sad part but we keep in touch thanks to skype ham	Ok lor then we go tog lor... ham	Two teams waiting for some players ham Can ü send me a copy of da report? ham	swhrt how u dey,hope ur ok, tot about u 2day.love n miss.take care. ham	Ok da, i already planned. I wil pick you. ham	Sorry, I'll call later in meeting ham	I just really need shit before tomorrow and I know you won't be awake before like 6 ham	I'm good. Have you registered to vote? ham	Hmm ok, i'll stay for like an hour cos my eye is really sore! ham	Dear got bus directly to calicut ham Mm umma ask vava also to come tell him can play later together ham	Well the general price is  &lt;#&gt; /oz, let me know if/when/how much you want ham	Sorry, I'll call later ham	Each Moment in a day,has its own value-Morning brings hope,afternoon brings faith,Evening brings luv,Night brings rest,Wish u find them all today.Good Morning ham	&lt;#&gt;  w jetton ave if you forgot ham	Ok i'm coming home now. ham	Can not use foreign stamps in this country. ham	Sorry, it's a lot of friend-of-a-friend stuff, I'm just now about to talk to the actual guy who wants to buy ham	I will come tomorrow di ham	Wylie update: my weed dealer carlos went to freedom and had a class with lunsford ham	Are you happy baby ? Are you alright ? Did you take that job ? I hope your fine. I send you a kiss to make you smile from across the sea ... *kiss* *kiss* ham	C movie is juz last minute decision mah. Juz watch 2 lar but i tot ü not interested. ham	How are you enjoying this semester? Take care brother. ham	Get the door, I'm here ham	Lets use it next week, princess :) ham	Or i go home first lar ü wait 4 me lor.. I put down my stuff first.. ham	I want kfc its Tuesday. Only buy 2 meals ONLY 2. No gravy. Only 2 Mark. 2! ham	No da:)he is stupid da..always sending like this:)don believe any of those message.pandy is a mental:) ham	Oi when you gonna ring ham	I attended but nothing is there. ham	Ard 530 like dat lor. We juz meet in mrt station then ü dun haf to come out. ham	No dear i was sleeping :-P ham	Er mw im filled tuth is aight ham	Will be office around 4 pm. Now i am going hospital. ham	Actually i'm waiting for 2 weeks when they start putting ad. ham	Anything lor if they all go then i go lor... ham	U free on sat rite? U wan 2 watch infernal affairs wif me n darren n mayb xy? ham	Plz note: if anyone calling from a mobile Co. &amp; asks u to type # &lt;#&gt;  or # &lt;#&gt; . Do not do so. Disconnect the call,coz it iz an attempt of 'terrorist' to make use of the sim card no. Itz confirmd by nokia n motorola n has been verified by CNN IBN. ham	Yo you around? A friend of mine's lookin to pick up later tonight ham	Stupid auto correct on my phone ham	Double eviction this week - Spiral and Michael and good riddance to them! ham	"The world suffers a lot... Not because of the violence of bad people. But because of the silence of good people!", Gud night.... ham	Ok thats cool. Its , just off either raglan rd or edward rd. Behind the cricket ground. Gimme ring when ur closeby see you tuesday. ham	Buy one egg for me da..please:) ham	Have you started in skye ham	Have you bookedthe hut? And also your time off? How are you by the way? ham	And several to you sir. ham	U really pig leh sleep so much. My dad wake me up at 10 smth 2 eat lunch today. ham	I'm at home. Please call ham	My love ... I hope your not doing anything drastic. Don't you dare sell your pc or your phone ... ham	Now only i reached home. . . I am very tired now. . I will come tomorro ham	Life style garments account no please. ham	Lol wtf random. Btw is that your lunch break ham	Sez, hows u & de arab boy? Hope u r all good give my love 2 evry1 love ya eshxxxxxxxxxxx ham	The LAY MAN! Just to let you know you are missed and thought off. Do have a great day. And if you can send me bimbo and ugo's numbers, ill appreciate. Safe ham	Detroit. The home of snow. Enjoy it. ham	Okie... ham	Aight, I'm chillin in a friend's room so text me when you're on the way ham	Is toshiba portege m100 gd? ham	Well welp is sort of a semiobscure internet thing ham	Loosu go to hospital. De dont let it careless. ham	How much for an eighth? ham	Omg Joanna is freaking me out. She's looked thru all my friends to find photos of me. And then she's asking about stuff on my MySpace which I haven't even logged on in like a year. :/ ham	Send ur birthdate with month and year, I will tel u ur LIFE PARTNER'S name. and the method of calculation. Reply must. ham	Juz now havent woke up so a bit blur blur... Can
